docs/index.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
```{toctree}
:hidden:

Installing <https://torii.shmdn.link/latest/install.html#installing-board-definitions>

fpga_vendor/index

Torii HDL <https://shrine-maiden-heavy-industries.github.io/torii-hdl/>
```

```{toctree}
:caption: Development
:hidden:

Source Code <https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-boards/>
Contributing <https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-boards/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>

changelog
license
```

# Torii-HDL Board Definitions

This package contains a collection of board definitions for [Torii], primarily FPGA evaluation boards, but other board files are also planned and welcome to help expand the ecosystem.

They are currently organized [by FPGA vendor] and sub-categorized into FPGA family.

## Community

The two primary community spots for Torii and by extension Torii Boards are the `#torii` IRC channel on [libera.chat] (`irc.libera.chat:6697`) which you can join via your favorite IRC client or the [web chat], and the [discussion forum] on GitHub.

Please do join and share your projects using Torii, ask questions, get help with problems, or discuss development.

[Torii]: https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-hdl
[by FPGA vendor]: ./fpga_vendor/index.md
[libera.chat]: https://libera.chat/
[web chat]: https://web.libera.chat/#torii
[discussion forum]: https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-boards/discussions

Commit message:

torii_boards: Add by-vendor board aliases

docs/index.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
```{toctree}
:hidden:

Installing <https://torii.shmdn.link/latest/install.html#installing-board-definitions>

fpga_vendor/index
board_vendor/index

Torii HDL <https://shrine-maiden-heavy-industries.github.io/torii-hdl/>
```

```{toctree}
:caption: Development
:hidden:

Source Code <https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-boards/>
Contributing <https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-boards/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>

changelog
license
```

# Torii-HDL Board Definitions

This package contains a collection of board definitions for [Torii], primarily FPGA evaluation boards, but other board files are also planned and welcome to help expand the ecosystem.

All the boards are categorized in two ways, the first is [by FPGA vendor] and sub-categorized into FPGA family. The other way is [by board vendor], these are not sub-categorized at the moment.

## Community

The two primary community spots for Torii and by extension Torii Boards are the `#torii` IRC channel on [libera.chat] (`irc.libera.chat:6697`) which you can join via your favorite IRC client or the [web chat], and the [discussion forum] on GitHub.

Please do join and share your projects using Torii, ask questions, get help with problems, or discuss development.

[Torii]: https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-hdl
[by FPGA vendor]: ./fpga_vendor/index.md
[by board vendor]: ./board_vendor/index.md
[libera.chat]: https://libera.chat/
[web chat]: https://web.libera.chat/#torii
[discussion forum]: https://github.com/shrine-maiden-heavy-industries/torii-boards/discussions
